* What is in this directory? 

  README           this file
  confclient.c     contains source code of conf client
  confserver.c     contains source code of conf server
  confutils.c      routines used by server and client
  makefile         make file to build confserver and confclient

  goodserver       conf server executable 
  goodclient       conf client executable

  After you download the entire package, you can run "tar -xvf template.tar" 
  to decompress these files into a directory called "template".

* What do we have to do?

  You  have to  supply the  missing  code in  the files  'confclient.c',
  'confserver.c'  and 'confutils.c'.  The location  of missing  code is
  marked with "FILL HERE". Your task is to fill in the missing code. 

* How do i compile my programs? 

  The 'makefile' is provided just for that purpose. To compile, run

    make

  It will create 'confserver' and 'confclient'. 
  (Alternatives: make confserver
                 make confclient
		 make confserver confclient 
  )

* How do i test my programs? 

  You are supplied with executables 'goodserver' and 'goodclient'. These
  are the binaries  of our implementation. You can run  them and see how
  they  behave.  Your  implementation  is expected  to  produce  similar
  effect. 

* How do i run these programs? 

  The 'goodserver' program takes  no command line arguments. For example
  you can run it as follows. 

    ./goodserver
    admin: started server on 'zeus.ite.gmu.edu' at '36988'
 
  The 'goodclient'  program takes server  host name and port  as command
  line arguments. To connect to the above server, we can run

    ./goodclient zeus.ite.gmu.edu 36988
    admin: connected to server on 'zeus.ite.gmu.edu' at '36988' thru '36989'

  You run the  server first and then many clients. Any  thing typed by a
  client would appear at all other clients. 

* How do i exit from these programs? 

  In  case of  client, if  you type  Ctrl-D, it  will exit.  In  case of
  server, you can just press Ctrl-C to kill it. 

* Do these programs run on any machine? 

  They are compiled on zeus.ite.gmu.edu, a linux machine. They may work on other
  machines  with different kernel  versions.  TA will use zeus as the grading 
  platform.

